README.md, before:

# CNCF Community Presentations

The CNCF overview [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BoxFeENJcINgHbKfygXpXROchiRO2LBT-pzdaOFr4Zg/edit) by Dan Kohn is available via Google Docs. It includes the slides for a talk, A Brief History of the Cloud, in the appendix.

The Chinese PowerPoint is updated every month and is available for [download](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/raw/master/chinese/CNCF_Overview_CN.pptx) or via [Youdao Note](https://note.youdao.com/noteshare?id=6dca3ae77cd931707bf35973f776d14f). And it's available in [Japanese](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/blob/master/japanese/CNCF_Overview_Ja-Jp.pptx) as well.

CNCF概况介绍每月更新，可以在这下载[PPTX文档](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/raw/master/chinese/CNCF_Overview_CN.pptx)或者使用[有道云笔记](https://note.youdao.com/noteshare?id=6dca3ae77cd931707bf35973f776d14f)。この日本語バージョンは、CNCF overview を @zembutsu が翻訳しました。お気づきの点がありましたらご指摘ください。

The 2017 [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/105ZgwafitwXH6_sWevFHHUerciuv4ckDQ_CXjGPjv0Y/edit#slide=id.p4) by Dan Kohn, Migrating Legacy Monoliths to Cloud Native Microservices Architectures on Kubernetes, is also available.

The 2018 [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1r3lI5YdLVjSCc6CuHmP-cE0R-Bixx_ejBk-WMVNv1Y8/) by Dan Kohn, How Good Is Our Code?, is also available [Chinese](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/blob/master/chinese/How_Good_Is_Our_Code_CN.pptx) as well.

Other presentations from the CNCF community are available in this repo, although they may be out of date. Just send us a pull request if you want your presentation added. Please make sure it's under the Apache v2.0 or CC-BY license so we can easily share and reuse the content.

Commit message:

Add End User Community presentations in English and Chinese

README.md, after:

# CNCF Community Presentations

The CNCF overview [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BoxFeENJcINgHbKfygXpXROchiRO2LBT-pzdaOFr4Zg/edit) by Dan Kohn is available via Google Docs. It includes the slides for a talk, A Brief History of the Cloud, in the appendix.

The Chinese PowerPoint is updated every month and is available for [download](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/raw/master/chinese/CNCF_Overview_CN.pptx) or via [Youdao Note](https://note.youdao.com/noteshare?id=6dca3ae77cd931707bf35973f776d14f). And it's available in [Japanese](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/blob/master/japanese/CNCF_Overview_Ja-Jp.pptx) as well.

CNCF概况介绍每月更新，可以在这下载[PPTX文档](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/raw/master/chinese/CNCF_Overview_CN.pptx)或者使用[有道云笔记](https://note.youdao.com/noteshare?id=6dca3ae77cd931707bf35973f776d14f)。この日本語バージョンは、CNCF overview を @zembutsu が翻訳しました。お気づきの点がありましたらご指摘ください。

The 2017 [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/105ZgwafitwXH6_sWevFHHUerciuv4ckDQ_CXjGPjv0Y/edit#slide=id.p4) by Dan Kohn, Migrating Legacy Monoliths to Cloud Native Microservices Architectures on Kubernetes, is also available.

The 2018 [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1r3lI5YdLVjSCc6CuHmP-cE0R-Bixx_ejBk-WMVNv1Y8/) by Dan Kohn, How Good Is Our Code?, is also available in [Chinese](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/blob/master/chinese/How_Good_Is_Our_Code_CN.pptx) as well.

The CNCF End User Community overview by Cheryl Hung is available in English or Chinese:

* [CNCF End User Community](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/194SyKdHL7ws_DBOdbrXdowEJi54kIzDdDK_h-6Ag0uo/edit#slide=id.p4)
* [CNCF 最终用户社区](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/raw/master/chinese/CNCF_Overview_CN.pptx)

Other presentations from the CNCF community are available in this repo, although they may be out of date. Just send us a pull request if you want your presentation added. Please make sure it's under the Apache v2.0 or CC-BY license so we can easily share and reuse the content.
