prometheus/README.md, before:

# Prometheus Presentations

This is a community repository of presentations about Prometheus. All presentations here are available for you to remix and reuse for your own use.

PULL REQUESTS ARE WELCOME! 

## Table of Contents

### Prometheus Introductory Talks

- [Monitoring, the Prometheus Way](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O4tGzX7tkoASxzx0QpwyXQN1OxXmJCX_-5nqCil-AmQ/edit?usp=sharing) - by Julius Volz (2017)
- [Prometheus Design and Philosophy](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1buFsGDT-fPtAKJ1yxT9XX1SGxXeHfaNbNc6SDV4Oxz8/edit?usp=sharing) - by Julius Volz (SF Prometheus Meetup, 2016)

## Repo Organization

If you have your slides already online or hosted someplace else, just leave a link in the table of contents. If you want to submit actual slides to this repo submit your slides via a Pull Request, for now we're organizing by _author name_, so just toss them in a subdirectory under your last name.

**FORMAT**: We prefer if your slides were in a reusable format, such as Google Slides or whatever CSS/HTML/JS framework you prefer so it's easier to consume.

Please make sure your content is under the Apache v2.0 or CC-BY license so we can easily share and reuse the content.

[cncf/presentations](https://github.com/cncf/presentations) - Home to all CNCF project presentations
- [cncf/presentations/prometheus](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/tree/master/prometheus) - you are here

Commit message:

Update Prometheus talk link, ask for credit
Signed-off-by: Julius Volz <julius.volz@gmail.com>

prometheus/README.md, after:

# Prometheus Presentations

This is a community repository of presentations about Prometheus. All presentations here are available for you to remix and reuse for your own use.

PULL REQUESTS ARE WELCOME!

## Table of Contents

### Prometheus Introductory Talks

- [Monitoring, the Prometheus Way](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MAWzUWQL6ZArG0TMqCyUOmFLY6iouR_4rBx-6bQxkwM/edit?usp=sharing) - by Julius Volz (2019)
  - Feel free to reuse either in whole or in part, but **please give credit to Julius Volz** in your talk.
- [Prometheus Design and Philosophy](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1buFsGDT-fPtAKJ1yxT9XX1SGxXeHfaNbNc6SDV4Oxz8/edit?usp=sharing) - by Julius Volz (SF Prometheus Meetup, 2016)
  - Feel free to reuse either in whole or in part, but **please give credit to Julius Volz** in your talk.

## Repo Organization

If you have your slides already online or hosted someplace else, just leave a link in the table of contents. If you want to submit actual slides to this repo submit your slides via a Pull Request, for now we're organizing by _author name_, so just toss them in a subdirectory under your last name.

**FORMAT**: We prefer if your slides were in a reusable format, such as Google Slides or whatever CSS/HTML/JS framework you prefer so it's easier to consume.

Please make sure your content is under the Apache v2.0 or CC-BY license so we can easily share and reuse the content.

[cncf/presentations](https://github.com/cncf/presentations) - Home to all CNCF project presentations
- [cncf/presentations/prometheus](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/tree/master/prometheus) - you are here
