coredns/README.md, before:

# CoreDNS Presentations

All presentations here are available for you to remix and reuse for your own use.

PULL REQUESTS ARE WELCOME! 

## Table of Contents

### Introductory Talks

- [CoreDNS Introduction](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1v6Coq1JRlqZ8rQ6bv0Tg0usSictmnN9U80g8WKxiOjQ/edit#slide=id.p) by John Belamaric

## Repo Organization

If you have your slides already online or hosted someplace else, just leave a link in the table of contents. If you want to submit actual slides to this repo submit your slides via a Pull Request, for now we're organizing by _author name_, so just toss them in a subdirectory under your last name.

**FORMAT**: We prefer if your slides were in a reusable format, such as Google Slides or whatever CSS/HTML/JS framework you prefer so it's easier to consume.

Please make sure your content is under the Apache v2.0 or CC-BY license so we can easily share and reuse the content.

[cncf/presentations](https://github.com/cncf/presentations) - Home to all CNCF project presentations
- [cncf/presentations/prometheus](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/prometheus) - you are here

Commit message:

Add some more CoreDNS presentations

coredns/README.md, after:

# CoreDNS Presentations

This is a community repository of presentations about CoreDNS. All presentations here are available for you to remix and reuse for your own use.

PULL REQUESTS ARE WELCOME! 

## Table of Contents

### CoreDNS Introductory Talks

- [CoreDNS, Cloud Native DNS](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1v6Coq1JRlqZ8rQ6bv0Tg0usSictmnN9U80g8WKxiOjQ/edit#slide=id.p) - by [John Belamaric](http://twitter.com/johnbelamaric)

### CloudNativeCon/KubeCon
- Berlin, March 2017 - [Keynote - CoreDNS Project Update](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/coredns/gieben/CloudNativeCon_CoreDNS_2017.pdf) - by [Miek Gieben](http://twitter.com/miekg)
- Berlin, March 2017 - [CoreDNS Salon](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/coredns/gieben/CloudNativeCon_CoreDNS_2017-Salon.pdf) - by [Miek Gieben](http://twitter.com/miekg)
- Seattle, November 2016 - [CoreDNS and Kubernetes Lightning Talk](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/coredns/belamaric/CloudNativeCon_CoreDNS_2016.pptx) - by [John Belamaric](http://twitter.com/johnbelamaric)
 
## Repo Organization

If you have your slides already online or hosted someplace else, just leave a link in the table of contents. If you want to submit actual slides to this repo submit your slides via a Pull Request, for now we're organizing by _author name_, so just toss them in a subdirectory under your last name.

**FORMAT**: We prefer if your slides were in a reusable format, such as Google Slides or whatever CSS/HTML/JS framework you prefer so it's easier to consume.

Please make sure your content is under the Apache v2.0 or CC-BY license so we can easily share and reuse the content.

- [cncf/presentations](https://github.com/cncf/presentations) - Home to all CNCF project presentations
 - [cncf/presentations/coredns](https://github.com/cncf/presentations/coredns) - you are here
