kubernetes/README.md, before:

# Kubernetes Presentations

This is a community repository of presentations about Kubernetes. All presentations here are available for you to remix and reuse for your own use. 

PULL REQUESTS ARE WELCOME! 

## Table of Contents

### Kubernetes introductions

 - [Kubernetes Community Overview and Contributions Guide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1JqcALpsg07eH665ZXQrIvOcin6SzzsIUjMRRVivrZMg) by Ihor Dvoretskyi
 - [Intro to the cloud-native world of Kubernetes](https://speakerdeck.com/luxas/intro-to-the-cloud-native-world-of-kubernetes-january-2019) by Lucas Käldström ([Kubernetes & CNCF Finland meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Kubernetes-Finland/), Jan 17, 2019)
 - [How to Contribute to Kubernetes](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NJfoXynMw1LXT2jrGm8zaE7uP8Mtz5A0isdzmxISCkk/edit?usp=sharing) by Nikhita Raghunath (KubeCon+CloudNativeCon North America 2017)
 - [Introduction to Kubernetes Workshop (full-day)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zrfVlE5r61ZNQrmXKx5gJmBcXnoa_WerHEnTxu5SMco/edit?usp=sharing) by Bob Killen and Jeff Sica (July 17, 2018)
 - [Intro to Kubernetes - from containers to orchestrating the world](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11cFazU6c8tLWdEvmxYAb2DJ6Pht89Xxpqpsiug_aP7E) By Alex Sirbu (March 14, 2019)
 - [Contributing to Kubernetes - SIG-Docs hackathon](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Gdise-O9oAmJaBiBxqzl7FVmMLKnat0619Mxy-Qh5Uo/edit?usp=sharing) by Rael Garcia (Cloud Native Barcelona - Contributing to Kubernetes - SIG-Docs hackathon 2019)

### Kubernetes New Contributor Workshops
- [Kubernetes New Contributor Workshop Seattle](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cgEw0t8oeokaN44piqmEemul2gQBqZX5wvj6NncqPFI/edit?usp=sharing) by Guinevere Saenger, Josh Berkus, Noah Abrahams, Tim Pepper, Zach Corleissen, and Michelle Shephardson (KubeCon+CloudNativeCon North America 2018)
- [Kubernetes New Contributor Workshop Barcelona](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1usEbwHMSC8vR7HvbxHJBOj2ISdTkw9rmufQUq7fkIl4/edit?usp=sharing) by Guinevere Saenger and Tim Pepper (KubeCon+CloudNativeCon Europe 2019)
- [Localize Kubernetes Docs hosted by CNCF](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rjAJtgKIQOhYOw6gev4eCiPUEI2PqhQFn-uqtI7USqE/edit?usp=sharing) by Kohei Ota and Takuya Tokuda (Open Source Summit Japan 2019)

### Kubernetes Updates

- [State of the Project](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/kubernetes-state-of-the-project) by Tim Hockin (June 2, 2017)

### Kubernetes Concepts and Components

- [Introduction to Kubernetes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Lfi8r0GZdFIMgprUrwaf-Lru5RsctML7/view?usp=sharing) by Rishabh Indoria (March 2019)
- [Kubernetes 101](http://slides.eightypercent.net/kubernetes-101/#1) - by Joe Beda (Gluecon 2017)
- [Edge vs. Level triggered logic](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/edge-vs-level-triggered-logic) by Tim Hockin
- [A Crash Course on Container Orchestration](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/a-crash-course-on-container-orchestration) by Tim Hockin (Interop ITX)
- [Kubernetes: A very brief explanation of ports](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/kubernetes-a-very-brief-explanation-of-ports) by Tim Hockin 
- [A Few Things To Know About Resource Scheduling](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/a-few-things-to-know-about-resource-scheduling) by Tim Hockin (eBay Meetup)
- [An Illustrated Guide to Kubernetes Networking](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/illustrated-guide-to-kubernetes-networking) by Tim Hockin
- [Kubernetes: A very brief intro to Namespaces](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/kubernetes-a-very-brief-intro-to-namespaces) by Tim Hockin
- [Kubernetes Walk Through from Technical View](https://speakerdeck.com/resouer/kubernetes-walk-through-from-technical-view) by Harry Zhang (Alibaba k8s workshop)
- [Kubernetes Node Deep Dive](https://speakerdeck.com/resouer/kubernetes-node-under-the-hood) by Harry Zhang (CNCF/k8s Meetup Hangzhou)
- [Kubernetes' Architecture Deep Dive](https://speakerdeck.com/luxas/kubernetes-architecture-deep-dive-umea-may-2019) by Lucas Käldström (May 7, 2019)
- [What does “production ready” really mean for a Kubernetes cluster?](https://speakerdeck.com/luxas/what-does-production-ready-really-mean-for-a-kubernetes-cluster-umea-may-2019) by Lucas Käldström (May 7, 2019)
- [Kubernetes - A Comprehensive Overview](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_xwLGM6U6EDK59s9Zny-zWGGAbQk47cZPuBblU3Upus/edit?usp=sharing) by Bob Killen (December 11, 2017)

### People Using Kubernetes 

- [DevOps at a glance: Slideless](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TuvKeLggYz3hxH1RHmFCXcX8uprKOrl0vP347JZ988A) - by Jeffrey Sica (Orchestructure May 2017)

### Kubernetes Applications

- [Developing on Kubernetes](https://speakerdeck.com/mhausenblas/developing-on-kubernetes) - by Michael Hausenblas (DevOps Amsterdam, 2018-03-14)

### Kubernetes Training

- [CKAD Study and Exam Tips](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1L2K1xFfl9f7k8F-_6hroHXbem1Bzgr6p9pwGJEEaP3Y/edit?usp=sharing) - By Brad McCoy (CNCF Community Manly, 2021-03-09)

## Repo Organization

If you have your slides already online or hosted someplace else, just leave a link in the table of contents. If you want to submit actual slides to this repo submit your slides via a Pull Request, for now we're organizing by _author name_, so just toss them in a subdirectory under your last name.

**FORMAT**: We prefer if your slides were in a reusable format, such as Google Slides or whatever CSS/HTML/JS framework you prefer so it's easier to consume.

Please make sure your content is under the CC-BY (or Apache v2.0 if applicable) license to we can easily share and reuse the content.

### How To Use The CC-BY License

For most presentations, the best license to use is [CC-BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). This license allows other Kubernetes community members to share, reuse, and remix your content for other talks and presentations. You retain ownership of your slides, and anyone using them must give you attribution as the original author.

To apply the license to your presentation, add a slide (usually near the end) like:

```
This presentation is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.

See https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ for more details.
```

Commit message:

Add slides for CKA Study and Exam Tips

kubernetes/README.md, after:

# Kubernetes Presentations

This is a community repository of presentations about Kubernetes. All presentations here are available for you to remix and reuse for your own use. 

PULL REQUESTS ARE WELCOME! 

## Table of Contents

### Kubernetes introductions

 - [Kubernetes Community Overview and Contributions Guide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1JqcALpsg07eH665ZXQrIvOcin6SzzsIUjMRRVivrZMg) by Ihor Dvoretskyi
 - [Intro to the cloud-native world of Kubernetes](https://speakerdeck.com/luxas/intro-to-the-cloud-native-world-of-kubernetes-january-2019) by Lucas Käldström ([Kubernetes & CNCF Finland meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Kubernetes-Finland/), Jan 17, 2019)
 - [How to Contribute to Kubernetes](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NJfoXynMw1LXT2jrGm8zaE7uP8Mtz5A0isdzmxISCkk/edit?usp=sharing) by Nikhita Raghunath (KubeCon+CloudNativeCon North America 2017)
 - [Introduction to Kubernetes Workshop (full-day)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zrfVlE5r61ZNQrmXKx5gJmBcXnoa_WerHEnTxu5SMco/edit?usp=sharing) by Bob Killen and Jeff Sica (July 17, 2018)
 - [Intro to Kubernetes - from containers to orchestrating the world](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11cFazU6c8tLWdEvmxYAb2DJ6Pht89Xxpqpsiug_aP7E) By Alex Sirbu (March 14, 2019)
 - [Contributing to Kubernetes - SIG-Docs hackathon](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Gdise-O9oAmJaBiBxqzl7FVmMLKnat0619Mxy-Qh5Uo/edit?usp=sharing) by Rael Garcia (Cloud Native Barcelona - Contributing to Kubernetes - SIG-Docs hackathon 2019)

### Kubernetes New Contributor Workshops
- [Kubernetes New Contributor Workshop Seattle](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cgEw0t8oeokaN44piqmEemul2gQBqZX5wvj6NncqPFI/edit?usp=sharing) by Guinevere Saenger, Josh Berkus, Noah Abrahams, Tim Pepper, Zach Corleissen, and Michelle Shephardson (KubeCon+CloudNativeCon North America 2018)
- [Kubernetes New Contributor Workshop Barcelona](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1usEbwHMSC8vR7HvbxHJBOj2ISdTkw9rmufQUq7fkIl4/edit?usp=sharing) by Guinevere Saenger and Tim Pepper (KubeCon+CloudNativeCon Europe 2019)
- [Localize Kubernetes Docs hosted by CNCF](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rjAJtgKIQOhYOw6gev4eCiPUEI2PqhQFn-uqtI7USqE/edit?usp=sharing) by Kohei Ota and Takuya Tokuda (Open Source Summit Japan 2019)

### Kubernetes Updates

- [State of the Project](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/kubernetes-state-of-the-project) by Tim Hockin (June 2, 2017)

### Kubernetes Concepts and Components

- [Introduction to Kubernetes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Lfi8r0GZdFIMgprUrwaf-Lru5RsctML7/view?usp=sharing) by Rishabh Indoria (March 2019)
- [Kubernetes 101](http://slides.eightypercent.net/kubernetes-101/#1) - by Joe Beda (Gluecon 2017)
- [Edge vs. Level triggered logic](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/edge-vs-level-triggered-logic) by Tim Hockin
- [A Crash Course on Container Orchestration](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/a-crash-course-on-container-orchestration) by Tim Hockin (Interop ITX)
- [Kubernetes: A very brief explanation of ports](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/kubernetes-a-very-brief-explanation-of-ports) by Tim Hockin 
- [A Few Things To Know About Resource Scheduling](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/a-few-things-to-know-about-resource-scheduling) by Tim Hockin (eBay Meetup)
- [An Illustrated Guide to Kubernetes Networking](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/illustrated-guide-to-kubernetes-networking) by Tim Hockin
- [Kubernetes: A very brief intro to Namespaces](https://speakerdeck.com/thockin/kubernetes-a-very-brief-intro-to-namespaces) by Tim Hockin
- [Kubernetes Walk Through from Technical View](https://speakerdeck.com/resouer/kubernetes-walk-through-from-technical-view) by Harry Zhang (Alibaba k8s workshop)
- [Kubernetes Node Deep Dive](https://speakerdeck.com/resouer/kubernetes-node-under-the-hood) by Harry Zhang (CNCF/k8s Meetup Hangzhou)
- [Kubernetes' Architecture Deep Dive](https://speakerdeck.com/luxas/kubernetes-architecture-deep-dive-umea-may-2019) by Lucas Käldström (May 7, 2019)
- [What does “production ready” really mean for a Kubernetes cluster?](https://speakerdeck.com/luxas/what-does-production-ready-really-mean-for-a-kubernetes-cluster-umea-may-2019) by Lucas Käldström (May 7, 2019)
- [Kubernetes - A Comprehensive Overview](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_xwLGM6U6EDK59s9Zny-zWGGAbQk47cZPuBblU3Upus/edit?usp=sharing) by Bob Killen (December 11, 2017)

### People Using Kubernetes 

- [DevOps at a glance: Slideless](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TuvKeLggYz3hxH1RHmFCXcX8uprKOrl0vP347JZ988A) - by Jeffrey Sica (Orchestructure May 2017)

### Kubernetes Applications

- [Developing on Kubernetes](https://speakerdeck.com/mhausenblas/developing-on-kubernetes) - by Michael Hausenblas (DevOps Amsterdam, 2018-03-14)

### Kubernetes Training

- [CKA Study and Exam Tips](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QmOwflPsWHww1xFyqGIea0-9TdNNkpxL6z20ifXsOHk/edit?usp=sharing) - By Brad McCoy (CNCF Community Manly, 2021-03-30)
- [CKAD Study and Exam Tips](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1L2K1xFfl9f7k8F-_6hroHXbem1Bzgr6p9pwGJEEaP3Y/edit?usp=sharing) - By Brad McCoy (CNCF Community Manly, 2021-03-09)

## Repo Organization

If you have your slides already online or hosted someplace else, just leave a link in the table of contents. If you want to submit actual slides to this repo submit your slides via a Pull Request, for now we're organizing by _author name_, so just toss them in a subdirectory under your last name.

**FORMAT**: We prefer if your slides were in a reusable format, such as Google Slides or whatever CSS/HTML/JS framework you prefer so it's easier to consume.

Please make sure your content is under the CC-BY (or Apache v2.0 if applicable) license to we can easily share and reuse the content.

### How To Use The CC-BY License

For most presentations, the best license to use is [CC-BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). This license allows other Kubernetes community members to share, reuse, and remix your content for other talks and presentations. You retain ownership of your slides, and anyone using them must give you attribution as the original author.

To apply the license to your presentation, add a slide (usually near the end) like:

```
This presentation is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.

See https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ for more details.
```
